Update Reame with How To Run Validation (#5)
agile-lab-dev/Agent-Specification: README.MD

Examples of an agent can be found in the [examples](examples) directory.

## How to run validation

> 1. Fist [Install](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/getting-started/installation/) `uv` package manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. First [Install](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/getting-started/installation/) `uv` package manager.
```

> 2. Second run this commant for execute the validator:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Second run this command to execute the validation:
```
